README.md, before:


___________________________________________________________________________
# Header 1 (ID: 1)
__________________________________________________________________________
## Ordered and unordered lists (ID:2):

### Ordered list:
1. Item 1
2. Item 2
3. Item 3
__________________________________________________________________________
### Unordered list:
* Item 1
* Item 2
* Item 3

## Emphasis (ID: 3):
*this is italic text*
_this is also italic_
**this is bold**
__this is also bold__

____________________________________________________________________________
## Adding Links (ID: 4):
[Link text](https://www.linkedin.com/in/viktor-ceder-64a3b91a4/)

## Adding Images (ID: 5):
![Alt text](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D4D03AQF-bl9Sr_hcug/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/0/1681631538616?e=2147483647&v=beta&t=abJq04sqLr3xHsYkeuWZEaH98kGQG8FgzOt-kRFymCc "an image of viktor ceder")

_____________________________________________________________________________
## Blockquotes (ID 6):
> "This is in a blockquote!!"
_____________________________________________________________________________
## Code blocks (ID 7):
| Syntax      | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Header      | Title       |
| Paragraph   | Text        |
______________________________________________________________________________

## Creating links within a doucment ID:9

click [Header1)](#Header-1)

______________________________________________________________________________
## Inline code (ID: 10):
`This is inline code` But this isnt

_____________________________________________________________________________
## Superscript and Subsctipt (ID: 15):
<br>Hej<sup>superscript</sup>
<br>Hej<sub>subscript</sub>

## Headers from 2 to 6 (ID: 16):
### Header 3
#### Header 4
##### Header 5 
###### Header 6
______________________________________________________________________________
## Orderd list continuation (ID: 17):

1. item 1
2. item 2
```
Något intresant
```
3. item 3

______________________________________________________________________________
## Creating Checkbox Lists(ID: 18)

- [x] Write the press release
- [ ] Update the website
- [ ] Contact the media


_______________________________________________________________________________
## Inline Link (ID: 19):
[This is an external link to genome.gov](https://www.genome.gov/)

## Defenition List (ID: 20):
<dl>
  <dt>First Term</dt>
  <dd>This is the definition of the first term.</dd>
  <dt>Second Term</dt>
  <dd>This is one definition of the second term. </dd>
  <dd>This is another definition of the second term.</dd>
</dl>
__________________________________________________________________________________

Commit message:

added tables and fixed block quotes #7 #11

README.md, after:


___________________________________________________________________________
# Header 1 (ID: 1)
__________________________________________________________________________
## Ordered and unordered lists (ID:2):

### Ordered list:
1. Item 1
2. Item 2
3. Item 3
__________________________________________________________________________
### Unordered list:
* Item 1
* Item 2
* Item 3

## Emphasis (ID: 3):
*this is italic text*
_this is also italic_
**this is bold**
__this is also bold__

____________________________________________________________________________
## Adding Links (ID: 4):
[Link text](https://www.linkedin.com/in/viktor-ceder-64a3b91a4/)

## Adding Images (ID: 5):
![Alt text](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D4D03AQF-bl9Sr_hcug/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/0/1681631538616?e=2147483647&v=beta&t=abJq04sqLr3xHsYkeuWZEaH98kGQG8FgzOt-kRFymCc "an image of viktor ceder")

_____________________________________________________________________________
## Blockquotes (ID 6):
> "This is in a blockquote!!"
_____________________________________________________________________________
## Code blocks (ID 7):
```
<div>
	<p> this is inside a code block </p>
</div>

```
______________________________________________________________________________

## Creating links within a doucment ID:9

click [Header1)](#Header-1)

______________________________________________________________________________
## Inline code (ID: 10):
`This is inline code` But this isnt

______________________________________________________________________________
## Tables (ID: 11):
| Syntax      | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Header      | Title       |
| Paragraph   | Text        |

_____________________________________________________________________________
## Superscript and Subsctipt (ID: 15):
<br>Hej<sup>superscript</sup>
<br>Hej<sub>subscript</sub>

## Headers from 2 to 6 (ID: 16):
### Header 3
#### Header 4
##### Header 5 
###### Header 6
______________________________________________________________________________
## Orderd list continuation (ID: 17):

1. item 1
2. item 2
```
Något intresant
```
3. item 3

______________________________________________________________________________
## Creating Checkbox Lists(ID: 18)

- [x] Write the press release
- [ ] Update the website
- [ ] Contact the media


_______________________________________________________________________________
## Inline Link (ID: 19):
[This is an external link to genome.gov](https://www.genome.gov/)

## Defenition List (ID: 20):
<dl>
  <dt>First Term</dt>
  <dd>This is the definition of the first term.</dd>
  <dt>Second Term</dt>
  <dd>This is one definition of the second term. </dd>
  <dd>This is another definition of the second term.</dd>
</dl>
__________________________________________________________________________________
